How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It will help me to pinpoint the line that I made a difference. The logic
    is, if the line is not supposed to change, it is most likely harmful and
    cause bugs. So, a diff can help me to have a better idea about what I
    changed and whether they are expected.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Sometimes I may write some brilliant codes that are not useful for that
    time. It would be great if I can go back to pick up those gems (codes recycle
    ). Also, I can compare the efficiency of codes between different versions,
    which would be a good habit for a programmer to improve his or her skill.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pro is that one has the flexibility to commit and can commit whenever
    there's a logical change. However, it requires high discipline and wise
    personal judgement to do so. Personally, I choose manual commit over
    automatic commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    This is a life-saver feature because for many times the files are inter-
    related. Change one of them will definitely impact other files. So, it is
    a great idea to commit a repository.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    First, I save file in a directory. Then I will use 'git log' to view the
    history. Next, I use git diff to compare two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control allows me to go back to a safe copy whenver I messed
    up with my code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Iwant to use Git to help me to track all my codes and have a strong control
    on versions. It is what I am looking for since I started learning programming.